Update PT to PL conversion doc (#11397)
PyTorchLightning/pytorch-lightning: docs/source/starter/converting.rst

--------

*****************************

> 3. Find the Train Loop "meat"

Author: `Configure Training Logic`?

--------

***************************
4. Find the Val Loop "meat"
***************************

To add an (optional) validation loop add logic to the

> :meth:`~pytorch_lightning.core.lightning.LightningModule.validation_step` hook (make sure to use the hook parameters, ``batch`` and ``batch_idx`` in this case).
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:meth:`~pytorch_lightning.core.lightning.LightningModule.validation_step` hook (make sure to use the hook parameters, ``batch`` and ``batch_idx`` in this case).

```

Author: sorry, what's the suggestion here?

--------

*********************************
4. Configure the Validation Logic
*********************************

> Lightning also automates the validation loop for you and manages all the associated components, such as epoch and batch tracking, metrics reduction. As a user,

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Lightning also automates the validation loop for you and manages all of the associated components such as: epoch and batch tracking, and metrics reduction. As a user,
```

            y_hat = self(x)
            test_loss = F.cross_entropy(y_hat, y)
            self.log("test_loss", test_loss)

.. note:: ``model.eval()`` and ``torch.no_grad()`` are called automatically for testing.

The test loop will not be used until you call.

.. code-block:: python

    trainer.test()

.. tip:: ``trainer.test()`` loads the best checkpoint automatically by default if checkpointing is enabled.

--------

*******************************
6. Find the Predict Loop "meat"
*******************************

To add an (optional) prediction loop add logic to the
:meth:`~pytorch_lightning.core.lightning.LightningModule.predict_step` hook (make sure to use the hook parameters, ``batch`` and ``batch_idx`` in this case).
If you don't override ``predict_step`` hook, it by default calls ``forward`` method on the batch.

.. testcode::

    class LitModel(LightningModule):
        def predict_step(self, batch, batch_idx):
            x, y = batch
            pred = self(x)
            return pred

.. note:: ``model.eval()`` and ``torch.no_grad()`` are called automatically for prediction.

The predict loop will not be used until you call.

.. code-block:: python

>     trainer.predict()

Reviewer 3: it does not need any argument?

If you have any explicit calls to ``.cuda()`` or ``.to(device)``, you can remove them since Lightning makes sure that the data coming from :class:`~torch.utils.data.DataLoader`
and all the :class:`~torch.nn.Module` instances initialized inside ``LightningModule.__init__`` are moved to the respective devices automatically.

.. testcode::

    class LitModel(LightningModule):
        def __init__(self):
            super().__init__()
            self.register_buffer("running_mean", torch.zeros(num_features))

If you still need to access the current device, you can use ``self.device`` anywhere in ``LightningModule`` except ``__init__`` method. You are initializing a
:class:`~torch.Tensor` within ``LightningModule.__init__`` method and want it to be moved to the device automatically you must :meth:`~torch.nn.Module.register_buffer`
to register it as a parameter.

.. testcode::

    class LitModel(LightningModule):
        def training_step(self, batch, batch_idx):
            z = torch.randn(4, 5, device=self.device)
            ...

--------

**************
8. Plugin Data
**************

To plugin your DataLoaders, you can override the respective dataloader hooks:

.. testcode::

>     class LitModel(LightningModule):

Reviewer 3: I thought this is not recommended way...

Author: what do you mean?

method. When using Lightning, simply override the :meth:`~pytorch_lightning.core.lightning.LightningModule.test_step` method which takes the current
``batch`` and the ``batch_idx`` as arguments. Optionally, it can take ``dataloader_idx`` if you configure multiple dataloaders.

.. testcode::

    class LitModel(LightningModule):
        def test_step(self, batch, batch_idx):
            x, y = batch
            y_hat = self(x)
            test_loss = F.cross_entropy(y_hat, y)
            self.log("test_loss", test_loss)

The test loop isn't used within :meth:`~pytorch_lightning.trainer.trainer.Trainer.fit`, therefore, you would need to explicitly call :meth:`~pytorch_lightning.trainer.trainer.Trainer.test`.

.. code-block:: python

    model = LitModel()
    trainer.test(model)

.. note:: ``model.eval()`` and ``torch.no_grad()`` are called automatically for testing.

.. tip:: ``trainer.test()`` loads the best checkpoint automatically by default if checkpointing is enabled.

--------

*****************************
6. Configure Prediction Logic
*****************************

> Lightning automates the prediction loop for you and manages all the associated components, such as epoch and batch tracking. As a user,

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Lightning automates the prediction loop for you and manages all of the associated components such as epoch and batch tracking. As a user,
```

******************************************

Your :doc:`LightningModule <../common/lightning_module>` can automatically run on any hardware!

If you have any explicit calls to ``.cuda()`` or ``.to(device)``, you can remove them since Lightning makes sure that the data coming from :class:`~torch.utils.data.DataLoader`
and all the :class:`~torch.nn.Module` instances initialized inside ``LightningModule.__init__`` are moved to the respective devices automatically.

.. testcode::

    class LitModel(LightningModule):
        def __init__(self):
            super().__init__()
            self.register_buffer("running_mean", torch.zeros(num_features))

If you still need to access the current device, you can use ``self.device`` anywhere in ``LightningModule`` except ``__init__`` method. You are initializing a
:class:`~torch.Tensor` within ``LightningModule.__init__`` method and want it to be moved to the device automatically you must :meth:`~torch.nn.Module.register_buffer`
to register it as a parameter.

.. testcode::

    class LitModel(LightningModule):
        def training_step(self, batch, batch_idx):
            z = torch.randn(4, 5, device=self.device)
            ...

--------

> **************
> 8. Plugin Data
> **************
> 
> To plugin your DataLoaders, you can override the respective dataloader hooks:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**********************
8. Use your own data
**********************

To use your DataLoaders, you can override the respective dataloader hooks on the :class:`~pytorch_lightning.core.lightning.LightningModule`:
```

.. testcode::

    class LitModel(LightningModule):
        def train_dataloader(self):
            return DataLoader(...)

        def val_dataloader(self):
            return DataLoader(...)

        def test_dataloader(self):
            return DataLoader(...)

        def predict_dataloader(self):
            return DataLoader(...)

> Additionally, you can also plugin your dataloaders using one of the following ways:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Alternatively, you can pass your dataloaders in one of the following ways:
```

* Pass in the dataloaders explictly inside ``trainer.fit/.validate/.test/.predict`` calls.

> * Use :ref:`LightningDataModule <datamodules>`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Use a :ref:`LightningDataModule <datamodules>`.
```
